#daily_journal 
didn't journal for the past 2 days. should start doing that. today woke up at chemin grenier. ate breakfast. just bread, butter and tea. got on my laptop. watched an ungodly amount? of trading documentaries and lectures. some time later mom told me to get ready. i got ready. packed up my laptop. some time later left chemin grenier. caught the bus. had a long ride to port louis. the bus conductres was a curvy woman with a big bottom. there was a passenger a few seats ahead who was most likely retarded, he was bald and had a red shirt. he fist bumped the conductres and she actually returned it, which i think is so wholesome. it made me think about how happiness can be achieved by him just taking out his radio and earphones and listening to music. then why should we make life so complicated. we should just appreciate the simple pleasures life has given us. after getting off this bus we walked a while to the main bus station. got the bus. returned home. set up my laptop to enter  the trading competition  but i saw that it was full which really gave me a reality check about how procrastination can destroy opportunities. after that i decided to speed cube again. got the speed down to 0201. after a while was feeling hungry so went to eat dinner. after eating came back upstairs. made my bed. took a bath. did night routine. went to sleep. struggled to write journal as i changed keyboard layout.  finished writing journal at 2141. 

---

just appreciate the little things more. help people out in little ways. don't hurt people. make the world a little better. its people a little happier.